I'm on the sea Ray Sundancer 350 coupe
there's a lot to talk about on this boat
but in my humble opinion the best part
is right here you can have one heck of a
cookout with an outdoor grill like this
what makes the 350 distinctive as a
coupe version is this giant one-piece
glass windshield you have nothing
interrupting review all the way across
no supports no canvas to snap in or out
just one piece of glass and then a
hardtop with by the way a giant sunroof
inside even though the back of this helm
deck is completely wide open to the
elements I'm actually cool right now I'm
feeling plenty of air conditioning why
is that well again it goes right back to
the coupe design and that big windshield
since there is no canvas snapped in
around any edges or supports synthesis
fully enclosed up here it allows cr8 a
much better contained climate control in
this area now down below the 350 coupe
is all-seer a it's pretty much exactly
what you would expect to find in a
Sundancer you have comfortable padding
of nice cushions you have plenty of
bursters and mid cabin berths you have a
small galley right here it's got
everything a cruising boat needs to have
if you're into sea raised you like that
Sundancer type of boat but you're
looking for a little bit more climate
control and maybe a better view this is
about you want to look at boat insurance
at United marine underwriters we're
simply the best at what we do just boat
insurance we offer comprehensive
insurance coverage for all your boating
needs boat insurance quotes on your
screen in 90 seconds United marine
underwriters